docs: update sync-diff-inspector docs for move to tiflow repo (#20140)
pingcap/docs: sync-diff-inspector/sync-diff-inspector-overview.md

# sync-diff-inspector User Guide

[sync-diff-inspector](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/tree/master/sync_diff_inspector) is a tool used to compare data stored in the databases with the MySQL protocol. For example, it can compare the data in MySQL with that in TiDB, the data in MySQL with that in MySQL, or the data in TiDB with that in TiDB. In addition, you can also use this tool to repair data in the scenario where a small amount of data is inconsistent.

> This guide introduces the key features of sync-diff-inspector and describes how to configure and use this tool. The installation method varies depending on your TiDB version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide introduces the key features of sync-diff-inspector and describes how to configure and use this tool. 

## Install sync-diff-inspector

The installation method varies depending on your TiDB version:
```

For TiDB v9.0.0 and later versions:

+ Install using TiUP:

    ```shell
    tiup install sync-diff-inspector
    ```

+ Binary package. The sync-diff-inspector binary package is included in the TiDB Toolkit. To download the TiDB Toolkit, see [Download TiDB Tools](/download-ecosystem-tools.md).

+ Docker image. Execute the following command to download:

    ```shell
    docker pull pingcap/sync-diff-inspector:latest
    ```

For TiDB versions before v9.0.0:

+ Binary package from the legacy [`tidb-tools`](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-tools) repository. The sync-diff-inspector binary package is included in the TiDB Toolkit. To download the TiDB Toolkit, see [Download TiDB Tools](/download-ecosystem-tools.md).

+ Docker image (legacy version). Execute the following command to download:

    ```shell

>     docker pull pingcap/tidb-tools:latest

Reviewer: The "## Key features" section needs to be placed before "## Install sync-diff-inspector" according to the intro sentence "This guide introduces the key features of sync-diff-inspector and describes how to configure and use this tool. "

Author: Thanks for the feedback! I've moved the Key features section to appear before the Install section as you suggested, which makes the document structure match the flow promised in the introduction.

    # (optional) Use the snapshot feature. If enabled, historical data is used for comparison.
    # snapshot = "386902609362944000"

>     # When "snapshot" is set to "auto", the last syncpoints generated by TiCDC in the upstream and downstream are used for comparison. For details, see <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/663>.

Reviewer: Is this update necessary? They look like different issues.
- https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-tools/issues/663
- https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/663

>     # When "snapshot" is set to "auto", the last syncpoints generated by TiCDC in the upstream and downstream are used for comparison. For details, see <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/663>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # When "snapshot" is set to "auto", the last syncpoints generated by TiCDC in the upstream and downstream are used for comparison. For details, see <https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-tools/issues/663>.
```
